[17.0][ADD] account_invoice_report_refund_total (#86)
solvosci/slv-account: account_invoice_report_refund_total/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> Show on refund invoices if it is a return

Reviewer: Better this (and the same at manifest):
```suggestion
Show on report refund invoices total summary if it is a refund
```
